Suggest to cache the requestAccess result (#136)
vaadin/docs: articles/ce/going-to-production.asciidoc

});
```

> TIP: To avoid calling this method multiple times per user, it is suggested to cache the result during the login process (e.g. in the session).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Cache the results
[TIP]
To avoid calling this method multiple times per user, it is suggested to cache the result during the login process, for example, in the session.
```

> TIP: To avoid calling this method multiple times per user, it is suggested to cache the result during the login process (e.g. in the servlet session).

Reviewer: Is admonition really necessary here? I would make it a regular paragraph.

Reviewer 2: I think it's fine. It's technically a "tip". By using the tip admonition, it becomes something that can be easily skipped.

> TIP: To avoid calling this method multiple times per user, it is suggested to cache the result during the login process (e.g. in the servlet session).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TIP: To avoid calling this method multiple times per user, it is suggested to cache the result during the login process (e.g. in the session).
```
